CNV-55964: Right-click VM operation in the tree view (#94476)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-cloning-vm-web.adoc

> . Navigate to *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* in the web console.
> . Select a VM to open the *VirtualMachine details* page.
> . Click *Actions*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the web console, click  *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* to do any of the following tasks:
** To open the *VirtualMachine details* page, select a VM, and then click *Actions*.
** In the tree view, right-click the VM, and then click *Actions*.
```

+

> Alternatively, you can access the same menu in the tree view by right-clicking the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
